AST-2027 - Single product structure from addons to theme (#4517)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Customizer range slider control not accepting decimal values for 'em' unit.
- Fix: WooCommerce - Dropdown icon cart link is not redirect to cart page.
- Fix: WooCommerce - Single Product - Flex CSS conflicting with third party plugins which adds custom functionality aside add-to-cart button.

> - Refactor : Moved product structure options from addons to theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: WooCommerce - Single Product - Moved structure options from pro to free theme.
```
